# 2020

<details>

<summary>December</summary>

* Select All Target Groups on Send Training Multi-Tenant Email Groups

- Scorm Training Title Character Error Fix&#x20;

* The new feature, Certification email, and Training email will show up on Sending Report as two rows. We can see if Certificate went successfully or training easily.

- On the training report, we can see if the certificate has been chosen for the training and which certificate it is-Certificate preview button.

* Training sending report type column (certificate and training can be filtered easily)

- Campaign Reports Sort & Filter fix and feature.

* Training Reports Sort & Filter fix and feature.

- Company User Limit Label change (new name: Active Users) - (Company List)

* Company User Limit and Renewal Date sorting bug fix. (Company List)

- Notification clone template. You can clone the notification templates to another company easily.

* Company White Labeling Favicon feature has been added.

- Company White Labeling Support email feature has been added.

* The training reminder feature has been added. It is possible to customize the training reminder notification template.

- Pie Chart has been developed and fixed.

* Bug fixes

- Internet Explorer bug improvements.

</details>

<details>

<summary>October - 2</summary>

* Advanced Reporting Change Enrolled Date to Actual Mail Send Date

- Last 6 Months Performance Graph Total Points Change

* [Phishing Simulator](https://keepnetlabs.com/products/phishing-simulator), Data Capturing Settings

- Azure AD Sync to only one group (Set by Default Group) feature.

* Exam score bug fix

- Dashboard type bug fix

* Reseller role clone bug fix

</details>

<details>

<summary>October - 1</summary>

* SCIM settings page implemented.

- The training marked as test excluded from dashboard statistics.

* Implemented sending Campaign finished emails only to the campaign creator.

- Forgot password page white labelling

* Implemented shortcode usage in training enrollment email's subject in notification templates. &#x20;

- New dashboard search problems fixed by adding a search button.

* Page state kept when there is a validation error on the phishing scenario create / edit page.

- When the company admin creates a new phishing scenario, redirection changed to edit instead of the list page submitting initial info.&#x20;

* Removed set default checkbox on the company settings page for time zone. It automatically picks up the selected time zone for the company on the pages like the campaign start page.

- When training sent to multi groups, if an email address exists on multiple groups, it had enrolled various times—fixed for single enrollment.

* Improved performance of the training list page.

- Training & Target User API s implemented.

* Implemented role cloning for system users.

- Fixed various bugs.

</details>

<details>

<summary>July</summary>

Here are some freshly added features and improvements:

* ETS&#x20;
  1. Implemented a Quick Scan API
  2. GSuite, Profiles, and Advanced Scan fixes & improvements are made.
* Investigations
  1. When a deleted email is tried to send analysis, a warning message is displayed to the user as a deleted email shall not be sent to the analysis.
* Training Reports
  1. In multi-company selection, the remove icon is renewed to the trash can instead of displaying a large X.
  2. An error fixed that causes the warning messages displayed twice after clicking the send button.
  3. Updated warning messages for each type of training resend operations to define the operation in a much more clear/obvious way.
* Training List
  1. Added a chip display in the search bar when clicked System Training category.
  2. Fixed an error of duplicate listing of the Custom category.
  3. Added training items are listed latest to oldest for company admin (language selection are also applied here, English first)
  4. Fixed an error on the search bar.
  5. Fixed some UI bugs.
* General
  1. Migrated jQuery to v2 to v3.5 for fixing vulnerabilities of jQuery.
  2. Fixed some IDOR vulnerabilities.
  3. Data research completed. Company Info encryption in database PoC completed.
  4. Offboarding application for production PoC completed.
  5. For LDAP integrations, name and surname fields are separated.
* User KPI’s
  1. The training score is displayed as 50 for newly added users. Implemented a feature to display as 0.
* Playbook
  1. Fixed an error that causes saved investigation scan types not to display when editing.
  2. Fixed an error on notifying user action.
* Phishing Scenarios
  1. Fixed the error when on attachments that prevent saving the template for \*.xlsm files.
  2. URL Clone feature is improved-no need to refresh the page now.
  3. Editor file upload support.
  4. Fixed some UI bugs.

</details>
